=============================================
Ansible Convert2RHEL Collection Release Notes
=============================================

.. contents:: Topics

v1.2.1
======

Minor Changes
-------------

- Add a common role that is meant to be used by any other roles in this collection, as it has common task that should be used by analysis or conversion roles.
- Add a temporary config file to store the RHSM secrets during the analysis and conversion roles execution.
- Add check to verify that the conversion finished properly based on the convert2rhel report parsing.
- Add convert_convert2rhel_env_vars variable to pass environment variables to convert2rhel during convert.
- Add handler to remove config file after the end of the conversion, cleaning up any leftovers on the system placed by the collection.
- Add option for the user to choose to reboot the system after the conversion.
- Add option to let the user set which repositories they want to enable or disable during the analysis and conversion.
- Add option to specify enablerepo parameter to yum when installing convert2rhel package.
- Add support for disconnected servers both with and without RHSM.
- Add support for hosting convert2rhel repo in Satellite.
- Collect human readable inhibitors and include in job output near the end for easy review.
- Convert2RHEL has a –eus command line switch to enable EUS conversions on systems that are 8.8+. If we are targeting a system that is on 8.6, we will assume directly that it is an EUS conversion.  We will probably need a variable to let the user specify that they want to use –eus.
- Convert2RHEL now has a public CDN updated with the latest releases. This commit updates the URL reference to use the public CDN instead of the FTP one.
- Create an analysis role to have all tasks associated with the analysis operation performed by convert2rhel. This role should be used whenever the playbook is meant to be used solely to perfom analysis of the system.
- Create an convert role to have all tasks associated with the conversion operation performed by convert2rhel. This role should be used whenever the playbook is meant to be used solely to perfom the actual conversion of the system.
- Move convert role vars which users may want to interact with from vars to defaults to make them easier to override.
- Parse the pre-conversion report and identify if there is any inhibitors in the output, if so, inhibit the analysis/conversion with a message to the user, otherwise, report it was successful.
- Remove convert2rhel after the conversion is done to not leave leftovers in the system.
- Save facts pre-conversion to pre_convert2rhel instead of pre_ripu so both can be available in the event of convert2rhel -> ripu.
- The parse_c2r_report role will collect and parse the pre-conversion report generated by analysis/conversion roles and identify if there is any inhibitors in it or not.
- Use vault repositories for CentOS 7.
- Variabilize reboot timeout (convert_reboot_timeout) such that user can override.
- removed fedora.linux_system_roles dependency from required dependencies

Bugfixes
--------

- semi-colon needed to separate export cmd from set cmd in ansible.builtin.shell task
